docs: add `brew install hashicorp/tap/consul-k8s` and re-order install and uninstall workflows (#11489)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/k8s-cli.mdx

~> Consul K8s CLI is is currently availabe as a beta release and is not recommended for production environments.

## Install the Consul K8s CLI

> 1. First, install the HashiCorp tap, a repository of all our Homebrew packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) package manager is required to complete the following installation instructions.

1. Install the HashiCorp `tap`, which is a repository of all Homebrew packages for HashiCorp:
```
For consistency

    ```shell-session
    brew tap hashicorp/tap
    ```
    

> 1. Next, install the Consul K8s CLI with `hashicorp/tap/consul` formulae. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Consul K8s CLI with `hashicorp/tap/consul` formula. 
```
For consistency
